Thank you all for coming to the welcome banquet I hosted for my son Zulan.
Take this opportunity,
I want to announce something to you,
There is a fight over personnel changes in the group.
Coming. first,
My youngest son is all left,
I have been working in the company for several years.
I feel that after the fact, they are all physically close to the position.
Congratulations, Ayunqi, you Shengkou,
The villain learned from the negotiation
You said it’s impossible for your mother to give you the position of president.
It's not impossible
But the possibility is very small, right?
Although because of my intervention
The direction of the plot has changed greatly.
Sheng Yunqi and Sheng Bingjie are the male protagonists of this world. It’s so difficult.
Also about my eldest son Sheng Yunlan
I decided to let her return to the company
Aren't you still being crushed by my clouds?
Former new president of Shengshi Group
The board of directors decided to remove him from office
Served as President of Shengshi Group
Personnel appointments
Will be officially issued to Mr. Sheng tomorrow
The new president of Shengshi Group abused his power
Even if he is the background behind the group’s drastic changes
Returning the counter-spirit is a matter of concern
This age has opened up